add note about enter behaviour & character limits (#8732)
Expensify/App: FORMS.md

### Character Limits

If a field has a character limit we should give that field a max limit. This is done by passing the maxLength prop to TextInput.

```jsx
<TextInput
    maxLength={20}
/>
```
Note: We shouldn't place a max limit on a field if the entered value can be formatted. eg: Phone number.

> The phone number can be formatted in different ways 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The phone number can be formatted in different ways.
```

3. Add an event listener to the page/component we are creating and update the tab index state on tab/shift + tab key press
4. Set focus to the input with that tab index.

Additionally, pressing the enter key on any focused field should submit the form.

> Note: This doesn't apply to the multiline fields, pressing enter on multiline fields shouldn't submit the form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This doesn't apply to the multiline fields. To keep the browser behavior consistent, pressing enter on the multiline should not be intercepted. It should follow the default browser behavior (such as adding a newline).
```
